README.md, before:

# CSCI_215_GolfScript
A codegolf program in GolfScript that determines if a string is a palindrome. Developed for my CSCI 215 final project.

# GolfScript Palindrome Program

This GS code takes any all-lowercase string and determines if its is a palindrome. This code runs through the ruby interpreter golfscript.rb (available at http://www.golfscript.com/golfscript/index.html).

To run through Terminal/Command Line: ruby golfscript.rb src.gs

The input string is the first string in src.gs, currently set to 'racecar'.

# GolfScript Info

GolfScript (GS) is an esoteric language (esolang)-meaning it is not used professionally but instead to show the possibilities of a programming language. More specifically, GS is an esolang designed for codegolf competitions. Codegolf is the honorary sport of software developers, similar to its namesake sport of golf where the goal is to score in the least number of strokes, the goal of codegolf is to solve a problem with as few characters as possible. To achieve this, many esolangs like GS have been created that minimize the number of characters used to complete a task. This results in most codegolf programs looking like complete randomness and seemingly impossible to interpret. Despite its complexity-and perhaps because of it-GS is an extremely fun and interesting esolang to work with.

GS was first released by Darren Smith on December 13, 2007. Originally it was implemented in Ruby, however, others have implemented it in Perl and Haskell.

Commit message:

Updated README, info about Anarchy Golf org

README.md, after:

# CSCI_215_GolfScript
A codegolf program in GolfScript that determines if a string is a palindrome. Developed for my CSCI 215 final project.

# GolfScript Palindrome Program

This GS code takes any all-lowercase string and determines if its is a palindrome. This code runs through the ruby interpreter golfscript.rb (available at http://www.golfscript.com/golfscript/index.html).

To run through Terminal/Command Line: ruby golfscript.rb src.gs

The input string is the first string in src.gs, currently set to 'racecar'.

# GolfScript Info

GolfScript (GS) is an esoteric language (esolang)-meaning it is not used professionally but instead to show the possibilities of a programming language. More specifically, GS is an esolang designed for codegolf competitions. Codegolf is the honorary sport of software developers, similar to its namesake sport of golf where the goal is to score in the least number of strokes, the goal of codegolf is to solve a problem with as few characters as possible. To achieve this, many esolangs like GS have been created that minimize the number of characters used to complete a task. This results in most codegolf programs looking like complete randomness and seemingly impossible to interpret. Despite its complexity-and perhaps because of it-GS is an extremely fun and interesting esolang to work with.

GS was first released by Darren Smith on December 13, 2007. Originally it was implemented in Ruby, however, others have implemented it in Perl and Haskell. GS has become the highest ranked language for code golf competitions according to the Anarchy Golf organization (http://golf.shinh.org/lranking.rb). This means its has the most solutions of the smallest size compared to other languages. The Anarchy Golf website is a place for people to post their code golf solutions to different problems ranging from "Hello World" (http://golf.shinh.org/p.rb?hello+world) to "Draw Hailstones" (http://golf.shinh.org/p.rb?Draw+Hailstones).
# Sources
The GS wiki on esolangs.org: https://esolangs.org/wiki/GolfScript
The official GS website: http://www.golfscript.com/golfscript/index.html
Online GS Interpreter: http://golfscript.apphb.com
